Documentate limitations on WSL (#32)
FHIR/auto-ig-builder: images/ig-publisher-base/README.md

instance, to bring in the `.fhir` cache from your host machine home directory:

    -v /home/$USER/.fhir:/home/publisher/.fhir

## Running on WSL2
Using this image to build your IG using Docker on WSL2 is really slow due to a 

> known limitation when mounting the Windows filesystem. This can be circumvented

Reviewer: ```suggestion
known limitation when mounting the Windows filesystem. You can run the IG publisher without docker by following the instructions at https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIR/IG+Publisher+Documentation#IGPublisherDocumentation-Installing; or you can improve performance in WSL2
```

Reviewer: Added a proposed edit to the PR, to address Grahame's point; see if you're okay with it @LodewijkSioen ?

Author: Okay for me. But I think that people looking at this docker image will already know this. We want to use docker as a way to minimize the number of dependencies people have to install on their PC when working on IGs.
